[Edit] JavaScript Arrays: .indexOf() (#1493)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/arrays/terms/indexOf/indexOf.md

## Syntax

> ```psuedo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

> array.indexOf(searchElement, startIndex);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
array.indexOf(element, startIndex);
```

```

> - `searchElement`: The element we are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parameters are used in the `.indexOf()` method:

- The `element` to be searched in the `array`.
```

> - `startIndex`: The index position to begin searching from, this is optional. A negative `startIndex` will offset from the end of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The optional `startIndex` position to begin searching from. If one is not given, the search starts from the beginning of the array. Negative indices will offset from the end of the `array`.
```

// Output: -1
```

> Check if color `'blue'` is in the `colors` array and after the second element:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check if color `'blue'` is in the `colors` array starting with the second element:
```

Author: @SSwiniarski thank you! I was trying to think of a way to make that clearer :)
